This story is the story as
I want you to know what happened to me
I need you to believe it, I just want you to
listen because I'm still traumatized and
I can not get it out of my head
I remember that my parents were not in the
house that day so I decided to go out to
buy the game of gta liberty city
stories since I'm a gta fan
iv had the whole saga complete - that
game I left my house to the store
game to see if it was the liberty city
I asked the man who took care of me
how much for the game and he answered me that
it does not matter to us, take it with me
so I had the game I took it I went to
my house as fast as I could I got there and
connect my old play station2 and I put the
game but how weird nothing came out but
on the screen came a warning that
He said we are not responsible for your
life since this version of the game can
not be suitable for you because it is
damn the game you want to accept it I'll
I accepted thinking it was a joke or something
well to scare the player
another weird thing that I realized is
that no introduction or
neither the main credits
but it directly started the game and
I was controlling the protagonist but
Like I started to play as if nothing and
that I thought was a minor detail
before starting with the missions I wanted to
put some tricks to hang out
and explore the map so after
look for some on the internet I put the trick
of advancing the time but
immediately after having put
the trick the protagonist had died
out of nowhere since no one had
shot or hit or any other
thing so I thought I got confused in
place to put the time trick had
put the trick of committing suicide but I did not
I fixed it well and I put the time trick
but the protagonist died of all
ways so I thought I got the wrong
information or something like that but after
that game made me weird like
custom in the saga I appeared in front of the
hospital but all pedestrians and
cars were missing I was
only then I realized that on the radar
appeared the icon of unare I thought that
everything was a mistake but I still headed
to the location of the letter the weird
it was also that the one that was in a
blood red color but I do not
imported
I looked at the map the location of the
letter and it turns out that the location was
in the observatory of ions and velez and
if you know the game you will know that it is a
inaccessible place on the map and there it was
when I realized that the other islands
they were unlocked which should
be impossible since to unlock
you should spend a few missions
everything was strange for me it was still
find people or drivers in the
I was playing alone after trying
almost two hours I arrived at the observatory
that 's where he was the good
to start the mission I placed in the
red marker and then I realized
that mission had no name where it
supposed that the title had to appear
of the mission was all black but
good to continue as if nothing and the mission
it consisted of getting off the observatory and
going back to the city ​​once there I gave myself
account that all the people and all
drivers appeared again but already
everything was very different everyone wanted
kill the protagonist and the mission
it consisted in killing all pedestrians
I had never seen that mission but still
so I put the trick on weapons and
I killed everyone easily with the mini gum
but something very strange happened the mission does
very easily as if pedestrians
they would like to be killed they left me 20
I wanted to start the game again but at
start the game before the
his character was very different
skin was gray was stained by
blood and his eyes were completely
whites giving me the impression that
I was a zombie I regret having
turned on the game again he put the
black screen like for 30 seconds already
I was going to get up to restart the
console because I thought that it had
locked the game but when I was by
press the button to turn off the
console came out some letters that said
warning you have rebooted the console on
protagonist has died and has
become a zombie you will regret
scared try to turn off the console but
nothing happened, he continued as if he did not
I would have turned off the same thing
unplugging the good keep playing
note that the game was now normal
- the protagonist who was still the
same zombie I spent the whole game with
the zombie and I wanted to see what happened next
the end of the
and all the people and all the cars
they disappeared again as if nothing
now the protagonist was again the
same as always but after about
seconds all the people appeared
they were all zombies and they were all chasing
my protagonist as if they wanted it
eat or something like that and he put on the screen
black with a text that said all the
people are zombies want revenge if
they kill tony cyprian and something will happen to you
bad then appears with tony cipriani and
all the zombies on the island of portland
all the zombies were approaching tony
slowly I wanted to move but toni no
he answered he would sit still and not
case to the movements that I made with
the joystick little by little they were approaching
tom and I scared by the message that
I would say if something bad happened to me I would
happen to me then little by little they ate
everything looked like blood came out and
the body parts of Tony and after
that the zombies ate it
they turned to me and said now they
It touches you I was tremendously
scared I grabbed a hammer and broke the
console in a thousand pieces but the zombies
they were still on the TV watching
fixedly then I decided to leave my
house but I noticed that someone had
locked in my room
then the zombies began to leave one
for one of the television they grabbed me and I
they took with them